>> Lukas: One of the issues,
and this kind of came up,
is these strings are not very scalable.
In other words, what happens when
I create another feature called
widgets or whatever?
And I wanna create that.
Well, now what happens is your reducers
that they have the ability to respond to
every action.
There's always a kind of
a weird case where maybe
you might want to have it read.
I don't know, like my client went back and
forth on where you might want to have
one place respond or
two places respond to a single action.
There may be a use case, maybe not.
But more importantly is what
you don't want is to say,
I want to create a new widget
with an update action type and
then over here projects
is responding to that.
That will create definitely
some unpredictable behavior.
And so
you need to keep your action types unique.
And so, in other words, it needs to
be a single, kind of think of it is
like unique key that exist in only
in one place in your application.
So that they're not colliding
because that can happen.
As well, is if you look over here in
the Dev tools, create, delete update.
Well, if I didn't know I was
looking at projects, like, what?
What am I delete?
Like, what's happening?
I don't know.
And so, it's also not very descriptive.
And secondly, it's very easy,
as you can see,
is you're manually
creating these objects to
create a typo or
mess up the type in general.
So we are going to fix that
by leveraging TypeScript.
So we're going to go down
to projects.actions and
we are going to start to build this out.
So the first thing that we
are going to do is we are going
to create an enum with all of
the actions for the projects.
So we are going to call
this ProjectsActionTypes.
And we'll just pick some kind of, I think,
descriptive actions that could happen.
So, for instance, we selected a project.
And then we give this a value of, and
I like to keep this descriptive, Projects.
And we'll say, Selected.
And then from here, AddProject.
>> Lukas: We'll just say
we're going to add some data.
>> Lukas: UpdateProject, DeleteProject,
Update Data, Delete Data.
All right, so now we have an enum.
And so we're keeping all of our action
types, the strings, in a single spot.
And then from here,
let's create an action object.
So let's go with AddProject.
Export class, AddProject.
And now here we are going
to implement the action
interface, and if we click into here,
it has one property.
You are required to have a type.
>> Lukas: Readonly type =
ProjectActionTypes.
>> Lukas: This thing is totally
gonna try to import this on me.
>> Lukas: And so this is, as well, this is
a lot more descriptive than just create.
So just looking at this code you're like,
what's happening?
Well, we're adding a project.
And because we are going
to send in a project,
>> Lukas: We are going to have a payload.
>> Lukas: Which is going
to be of type Project.
>> Lukas: Does this make sense?
So we're creating a strongly
typed action object
that has a type,
which is also pulling from the enum.
And then because we're
passing in a payload, and
modifying with an access modifier,
then due to constructor assignment,
it's assigning it to, when this gets
instantiated, the concrete instance.
Then it will also have a payload
property on that, makes sense?
All right, and then from here,
what we are going to do is we're
going to create a unit type.
>> Lukas: And so we'll go AddProject.
>> Lukas: And
let me go with SelectProject, and
I'll create that in a second.
But then what we'll would do,
>> Lukas: Is, now this is something that
somebody like said you have to explain and
express the detail what's happening here.
I would just say,
I'm kind of understand but typically,
is if you reference project actions,
you can basically reference multiple
specific things kind of behind that unit.
>> Lukas: And if somebody who is in or
a TypeScript expert wants to comment or
clarify that,
that would be totally fine but-
>> Speaker 2: It's just a type.
It's saying that it can be this type or
that type.
>> Lukas: Yeah, so
that's what I kind of figured.
This or this or this, and so when you-
>> Speaker 2: Or type, excuse me.
>> Lukas: So,
this will be ProjectActionTypes.
>> Lukas: Did I spell this wrong?
>> Speaker 2: Projects.
>> Lukas: Projects.
>> Lukas: Why I'm still not seeing it.
ProjectSelected [LAUGH]
Naming things are hard.
>> Lukas: That was a little
head nod to you my friend,
it was like why did they call it select?
Why didn't they just call it query?
And I agree.
>> Lukas: Okay, so
we have two actions, let's go ahead,
I'm going to just burn through and
do two more.
>> Lukas: UpdateProject.
>> Lukas: DeleteProject.
>> Lukas: I think we're good here.
>> Lukas: And we'll go down here and,
>> Lukas: I really hate
that that just happened.
>> Lukas: I don't like
that it's not in order.
UpdateProject.
>> Lukas: I'm just going to
import myself into myself.
>> Lukas: Super awesome.
>> Lukas: All right, so now we have
created these four action objects,
let's go ahead and let's just
expose these two the barrel roll.
Cuz we're gonna need them
inside of our application.
So let's go export,
>> Lukas: /lib/state/,
>> Lukas: I was so close.
>> Lukas: There we go.
And so we'll go,
>> Lukas: SelectProject,
AddProject,
>> Lukas: UpdateProject,
>> Lukas: DeleteProject.
And so, now we just taken care of that
now, it's going to be available for
our consumption inside
of our projects feature.